appendix rettelser (#47)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: Appendix/degree-experiment.tex

\section{One layer node degrees performance}\label{app:degree-experiment}\label{app:individual-recall-degree-experiment}

> This section contains the recall results conducted in \autoref{subsec:degree-experiment}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains the recall performance from the experiments conducted in \autoref{subsec:degree-experiment}.
```

\end{figure}
\clearpage

> \section{Average LightGCN results}\label{app:average-lightgcn-results}

Reviewer: hvorfor hedder det her Average LightGCN ?

> This section shows the performance of LightGCN on Yelp2020, Amazon-Book and Amazon-Cell-Sport with one to five convolutions and node degree evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows the performance of LightGCN on Yelp2020, Amazon-Book and Amazon-Cell-Sport with one to five convolutions.
The performance of different node degrees is also evaluated.
```

> This was conducted to gain an understanding of how well the different node degrees performs with the LightGCN layer combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was conducted to gain an understanding of how well the different node degrees perform in LightGCN with its standard layer combination.
```

> This was conducted to gain and understanding of how well the different node degrees performs with the LightGCN layer combination.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This was conducted to gain an understanding of how well the different node degrees performs with the LightGCN layer combination.
```
